README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

##### Games
 - **[Game of Fifteen](https://github.com/AChep/15puzzle)**; [try online](https://gh.artemchep.com/15puzzle) 
 - **[Game of 2048](https://github.com/AChep/2048)**; [try online](https://gh.artemchep.com/2048) 

##### Apps
 - **[Pocket Mode](https://github.com/AChep/PocketMode)**, an Android app that locks your phone when you hover the proximity sensor; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.pocketmode) 
 - **[Literary Clock](https://github.com/AChep/literaryclock)**, an Android app that represents current time in a form of literature quotes; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.literaryclock) 
 - **[Material Watch](https://github.com/AChep/materialwatch)**, an Wear OS watchface inspired by the Material You; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.mw) 
 - **[Essence](https://github.com/AChep/essence)**, an Wear OS watchface that is truly circular; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.essence) 
 - **[Horlogo](https://github.com/AChep/horlogo)**, an Wear OS watchface that is nothing spectacular; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.horlogo) 
 - ...I also have a bunch of other apps the are either not maintained anymore (e.g. [AcDisplay](https://github.com/AChep/AcDisplay)) or not worth mentioning. 

##### Tools
 - **[bindin](https://github.com/AChep/bindin)**, a utility library for Android with Kotlin to help you to replace the `LiveData` with the `Flow` on the presentation layer;
 - **[config](https://github.com/AChep/config)**, a utility library for Android with Kotlin to help you to create and manage _simple settings_ of an application.

you can check my [CV](https://github.com/AChep/cv-latex/releases) out, if you want ⚡

<!--
**AChep/AChep** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add Keyguard to list of apps

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

##### Games
 - **[Game of Fifteen](https://github.com/AChep/15puzzle)**; [try online](https://gh.artemchep.com/15puzzle) 
 - **[Game of 2048](https://github.com/AChep/2048)**; [try online](https://gh.artemchep.com/2048) 

##### Apps
- **[Keyguard](https://github.com/AChep/keyguard-app)**, an alternative Bitwarden client focused on the user experience; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.keyguard) 
 - **[Pocket Mode](https://github.com/AChep/PocketMode)**, an Android app that locks your phone when you hover the proximity sensor; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.pocketmode) 
 - **[Literary Clock](https://github.com/AChep/literaryclock)**, an Android app that represents current time in a form of literature quotes; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.literaryclock) 
 - **[Material Watch](https://github.com/AChep/materialwatch)**, an Wear OS watchface inspired by the Material You; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.mw) 
 - **[Essence](https://github.com/AChep/essence)**, an Wear OS watchface that is truly circular; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.essence) 
 - **[Horlogo](https://github.com/AChep/horlogo)**, an Wear OS watchface that is nothing spectacular; [on Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.artemchep.horlogo) 
 - ...I also have a bunch of other apps the are either not maintained anymore (e.g. [AcDisplay](https://github.com/AChep/AcDisplay)) or not worth mentioning. 

##### Tools
 - **[bindin](https://github.com/AChep/bindin)**, a utility library for Android with Kotlin to help you to replace the `LiveData` with the `Flow` on the presentation layer;
 - **[config](https://github.com/AChep/config)**, a utility library for Android with Kotlin to help you to create and manage _simple settings_ of an application.

you can check my [CV](https://github.com/AChep/cv-latex/releases) out, if you want ⚡

<!--
**AChep/AChep** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
